Add strawman repository guidelines (#3534)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/Community/Contributing.md

Open Enclave uses some files from other projects, typically to provide a default
level of functionality within the enclave where a binary distribution does not
exist or would be inconvenient.  Using submodules is preferred over copying

> copies from other projects, however.  When a fork is needed, see the

Reviewer: ```suggestions
source files from other projects, however.  When a fork is needed, see the
```

Author: Done
